Jay and I are partners
in a parking lot,
and it's added a wonderful
new dynamic to our relationship.
The first step was hiring
someone to man the booth.
We narrowed it down to
the two candidates who applied.
I don't think
it should be,
"I hope there's
a place to park
near where
I love to have lunch."
I think it
should be,
"I hope there's
a place to have lunch
near where
I love to park."
(chuckling)
Huh?
(laughs)
PHIL: So, Tibor,
tell us why you're excited
about a career in parking.
Is good.
That's a tough one.
My top three...
(exhales sharply)
...Destiny's Child...
Oh.
...Janet Jackson...
Yes.
...and my fave --
Metallica.
Oh, my goodness,
you are so complex.
Tibor, what are your
favorite kinds of music?
Tibor.
Is good?
(dance music plays)
Oh-oh.
Well, I think
the choice is clear.
Tibor.
Joan.
Tibor?
I like his energy.
He doesn't have any.
Well, I like Joan.
She's fun.
Take her to the movies.
This is a business.
Uh-oh.
Looks like
we're at a stand-off.
God, not the coin.
Even super-duper pals like
Jay and I disagree sometimes,
so...I dreamed up
this baby.
If it comes up Phil,
I win.
If it comes up Jay,
he wins.
He hated this,
but I told him,
"The coin adds 10 pounds."
♪♪
(horns honking)
HALEY: So, how hard-core
is this march going to be?
Just a peaceful
gathering of women
working towards
the same goal
of equality.
We're not burning bras
or anything.
Good, 'cause I just got
my first one.
I'm not torching it
before Naomi's sleepover.
This is a really
exciting time
for you, Lily.
This is your first
taste of feminism.
We're all here
as your mentors --
or "womentors".
Hmm?
Come on,
I just coined that.
We fake-laughed
at "sheroic."
The well is dry.
This stupid traffic!
Look at all these women
in these cars, Lily.
It's so inspiring.
All for one!
One for all --
I am gonna cut around
these idiots!
(horn honks, tires screech)
(bumping, yelling)
What was that?
Somebody shot out
the tire!
Really? That's where
you go with this?
(beeping)
It was a pothole.
(sighs) The dashboard
is going crazy.
It's a flat tire.
Perfect.
(beeping continues)
I wouldn't know
about "flat."
JAY:
Phil! Phil!
We have a problem.
Aww..."we"?
I'm trying to get to
that bakery that makes
those bear claws.
That chatterbox you
and your coin hired
is clogging up
our parking lot.
Listen...
(tires squeal)
Oh, great.
There goes eight bucks.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa.
Is this an official
partners' meeting?
Hold on.
(clears throat)
Good morning and welcome.
Partners present --
Phil Dunphy --
Put down
your stupid notebook.
You're the one
who wanted to hire her.
You've got to tell
her to speed it up
or hit the road.
I want you to know
that I hear you
and will address
this posthaste.
Now, if we could move on
to some unfinished business
from the
last meeting, um...
"My feelings
are still hurt
from you telling me
all the places
you want me to put the coin."
Ah, it's after
ten o'clock --
too late to eat
a bear claw now,
I'll be too sugared up
for my nap.
Everything's ruined.
(engine revs)
(door opens)
(sewing machine whirring)
Hey.
You look busy.
Oh, yeah, well, I'm
just putting the
finishing touches
on the costumes
for this year's
school musical.
You mean the one
that's supposedly
based on your life,
but is a beat-for-beat rip-off
of "The Wizard of Oz"?
Mine is the story
of a precocious farm kid
who takes a magical journey
to the big city.
How is that
"Wizard of Oz"?
Cam,
you have a Tin Man.
That's our
high-school mascot.
We were
the Mighty Milk Jugs.
You know this.
(door opens)
(door closes)
Hi, Pam.
Hey, y'all.
Listen, upstairs
in the kitchen...
Mm-hmm.
...is there, um...
one of those,
uh...
you know,
things that, uh...
Wait, what were
you asking me?
Pam, are --
are you okay?
Oh, honey,
you look exhausted.
(sighs)
The baby didn't sleep
again last night.
(sighs)
I'll tell you,
I haven't been
this out of sorts
since that twister
lifted up our house.
Told ya.
That wind
was so strong
it shucked
all our corn.
Mm-hmm.
It was like...
whenev--
(snores)
She sleeping?
No, she's fine.
Our plough horse used
to do the same thing.
(Calhoun crying)
Baby's crying.
Okay. Why don't I
put this on pause?
I'll come up and help you out
for a little bit.
Oh, maybe Mitchell
should help.
He's just so good
with baby Calhoun.
Aww.
I ought to call you
"Uncle Secret Touch".
That seems like
a "500 feet away
from a playground"
kind of nickname.
But I will
be happy to help.
Okay, well, I'll just
be down here, in case
nobody needs me.
(crying continues)
Hey, wh-why don't
you head upstairs?
I-I'll be right up,
okay?
Oh, thank you.
Yeah.
You know,
you try to hide it,
but you are
a sensitive soul...
(chuckles)
"Uncle Sneaky Feeler".
Yeah, before we go wide with
that, let's, um -- not. Okay.
(door opens, closes)
(sewing machine whirs)
Cam.
(whirring stops)
What?
I think it's great
that she's asking you
to help out with baby Cal
instead of his own
flesh and blood.
I guess the only thing
I'm good for
is putting on a wig
and taking her SATs.
I cannot believe
you're jealous.
I'm hardly jealous.
I'm much too busy.
Oh, finishing
the flying monkeys?
They're not
flying monkeys.
Let me ask you -- what
do you think happens
to possums
during a tornado?
Ugh.
Park it over there,
next to that Buick.
There he is.
Hey, Joan. How's
everything down here today?
Putting cars in spaces
and smiles on faces.
Oh.
Well, except for yours.
What's wrong?
Oh, no, I'm good.
Yeah, definitely good.
Phil...if there's
two things I know --
it's people
and parking.
And you look like
you trying to get
out of a tough spot.
You see
right through me.
(inhales sharply)
There was an issue at
our partners' meeting.
Hold on
one second.
Hey, sugar!
All right, girl,
how was the office party?
I kept all my clothes on
this time.
And you were right --
I stayed away from mixers
and I'm not hungover!
See?!
You can't lose
if it's nothing but booze.
That deserves...
confetti bomb!
Oh!
(laughter)
You're the greatest.
Park it over there
by that blue Toyota.
(shrieks)
My girl!
She is a bit
of a drinker,
so I like to give her
a lot of space.
All right.
Now, what did you want
to talk about?
Nothing.
Everything here
is perfect.
Well, almost.
Something
on your mind?
No, but something
is on my feet all day -- me.
How 'bout...a gel mat
for the booth?
Oh, I'm getting
you a mat...
'cause you're
all that.
Ooh! Ha ha!
(laughs)
I love that!
Confetti bomb!
(yells)
(both laughing)
It wasn't like
I was checking up on him.
I had my nap and I came by
for an afternoon claw.
I don't have a lot
going on right now.
I think
it's this one.
Hey, guys, why
don't we just call
roadside assistance?
I'm sure they'll
send somebody.
If today is all
about girl power,
why can't we just
fix it ourselves?
I knew we shouldn't
have brought her.
(indistinct conversations)
It's funny --
we've only been
volunteering here
at the women's march
for an hour...
-Five minutes.
-...but it already feels like
I'm part of something big,
something
really special.
Would you snap
a picture?
So you can prove
you were here and
get school credit,
and be home faster
than the ink dries
on that poster
you just misspelled?
"Women Untie"?
Still works.
Luke, these women
deserve our respect.
They've had
to overcome
biases and challenges
we've never had to face.
They're the granddaughters
of the suffrage movement.
Sitting through
your little speech...
that's suffrage.
(inhales sharply)
Oh, my God.
I-It's Danielle Pardo
from calculus.
Who?
You wouldn't
know her.
You run
in different circles.
She's in honors classes
and you, well,
run in circles.
Hey, Manny!
It's so cool
you're here.
And I'm here, too --
Luke Dunphy.
You saw me now
and you saw me at the end
of the march.
If you guys
are making signs,
here are some
of the issues --
women make 79 cents
on the dollar,
and the government
wants to tell me what
I can do with my body.
I mean, how would
you feel if --
Whoa!
She blew my mind.
Society treats girls
like second-class citizens.
I've spent a lot of time
on women's websites,
but none of this stuff
ever came up.
You're watching
strong women in
action, Lily.
When we put
our minds together,
there's nothing
we can't achieve.
This is too hard.
Ugh. I give up.
(clatters)
Let's just
get the manual.
Great idea.
I like that.
You see, Lily,
there are no fairy tales,
no damsels
in distress.
We are more than
just a bunch
of pretty faces.
(clicks tongue)
(glove box closes)
There's nothing
in the glove box but makeup.
Ay, yeah, because
the manual wouldn't fit
with my emergency
touch-up kit.
I would
like to revisit
Gloria's idea
about giving up.
Oh, that's setting
a great example.
What do you think
would've happened
if Marie Curie
had given up?
She wouldn't have died
of radiation poisoning.
How on Earth
did you know that?
You talk about
her a lot.
Until I saw her
on that stamp,
I thought she was
your girlfriend.
Gloria, I can't believe you
don't know how to change a tire.
You drove a taxi.
Surely you had a flat.
I had
a lot of flats,
but I would reapply my makeup
and I would wait and then,
in five minutes,
I would have my own pit crew.
(clanging)
You know, after we get
this tire changed,
do you still want
to go to the rally
or should we just drop
you off in 1950?
Uh, guys,
there's, uh...
Oh.
♪♪
You need help
with that tire?
No.
No. No, we don't.
We're good, thanks.
HALEY: What are you guys
talking about?
She's a woman and
she wants to help
with the tire.
She checks
all the boxes.
(with deep voice)
Right. Um...
Hello.
Uh, we were trying
to change our tire,
but there's something wrong
with the jack.
Let me
check it out.
Yep.
Uh-huh.
Oh, that.
Okay.
There we go.
I guess she didn't need
that one.
Yeah.
You're hired.
Great. Let's get
this baby off the ground.
I'm Joey, by the way.
Hi.
Thank you.
(giggling)
I'm Haley.
What? She's awesome.
It's confusing.
(ratcheting)
I read your script,
baby.
If you got
third-act problems,
you got
first-act problems.
You are so right.
Park it next
to the Honda
and flesh out
your antagonist.
Hey.
Hey, Jay. How's Gloria,
Manny, Joe, and Stella?
What, do you
got index cards?
Listen, your chattiness
is gumming up the works here.
You're not here
to socialize,
so just get 'em in,
get 'em out.
Are you asking me
not to talk to people?
'Cause that (chuckles)
is what I do.
And Phil don't seem to
have a problem with it.
No, but I do.
Well, to quote
Sammy Davis Jr.,
"I got to be me."
Well, to quote Frank Sinatra,
who I met once at a restaurant,
"Get out of my booth."
(scoffs)
Okay.
(keys jingle)
Fine...
with me.
Hey. Where do I park?
Between two lines.
PAM: Ugh,
my old squash injury.
Oh,
you played squash?
No. I grew the heaviest one
in the county.
Oh...
(yawns)
I had to carry it
inside every night,
on account
of poachers.
Mm.
(baby voice)
Hi, little baby Calhoun.
It's your uncle Cam --
your real uncle,
not that guy Mitchell,
who's just somebody
I met at a party.
You and I are gonna be
the best friends
in the whole wide --
(cries and fusses)
PAM:
No, no, no, no!
Why would you
wake the baby?!
Well,
I just was...
(whining)
He was finally asleep!
Yeah, but he was just...
Okay, I-I got him.
I got him.
It's gonna be okay.
Come here, baby.
(crying stops)
Aww.
Okay...
Shh...
Thank you.
I was about to
wig out
worse than
Princess Margaret
when her boyfriend
was banished by Elizabeth.
Oh, yep.
You watched
"The Crown" without me?!
(Calhoun fusses)
Come on, Cal.
Yeah.
It's no fun watching
this angry queen.
Oh.
(both laughing)
Aw.
I can't believe you.
We're only
on episode four
and there are literally
no spoilers.
I'm talking
about you
and your weird, new,
little family.
You have turned
that baby against me.
What did you
say to him?
Cam, only you could turn this
into something negative.
There's nothing wrong
with your sister and
I becoming closer.
We have a very special
relationship --
kind of like the one
the queen had with her
private secretary.
You son of a bitch!
It's history.
Do you know that there
are only a handful
of female C.E.O.s
in the entire
Fortune 500?
That's crazy.
Women can drive a racecar
just as well as a man.
You joke.
Huh?
I'm only in high
school and I see casual
sexism on the daily.
I know. I hear the way
Mr. Easton "mansplains"
everything to you.
What's that?
It's when a man tries
to explain something
to a woman that
she already knows.
Are you
mansplaining
"mansplaining"
to me right now?
I was talking about
your snack.
It's trail mix.
You know who else blazed
a trail -- Geraldine Ferraro!
Hey, Joan,
it's me...
(with deep voice)
Mat-man.
What are you doing here?
Where's Joan?
You were supposed to
handle it, but you didn't,
so I had to take time out
of my extremely busy day
and try to straighten
her out.
But she didn't go along with
the program, so she's gone.
You did this without
talking to me?
We're supposed
to be partners.
We're gonna hire
that Tibor guy.
He barely speaks
English, but there'll
be no chattiness --
although I did try that
with Gloria,
and eventually they
watch so much TV
they figure it out.
But the coin decided.
Screw the coin!
There's no line, and
Joan never had this
many cars in the lot.
People liked her!
She was good at this!
Relax. This is
parking cars, not
building closets.
Excuse me?
There's like four cars
blocking me in.
I'll get them out of
your way in a jiffy.
Oh, no!
Oh.
Oh, no!!
PHIL: "Oh, no" is right.
The yoga class just got out.
Here, stand on this.
You might be here
for a while.
(classical music playing)
So good.
(horse whinnies)
(snoring)
Pam?
Hmm?
Hey -- okay.
(TV turns off)
L-Let's go to bed.
(sleepily)
No. I'm not tired.
No, this is why your neck
and shoulders always hurt,
'cause you're falling asleep
standing up.
Come on, let's get you to bed.
Come on.
Whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa.
(grunts)
Okay, all right.
Ah, my prince.
Mm-hmm.
Mmm...
(sewing machine whirring)
(Cam gasps)
(whirring stops)
Oh, my God! Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
(indistinct chatter)
All right, everybody relax.
Calm down! Calm down.
Who drives the Prius?
(women sigh)
With a "Whole Foods"
reward card?
Where's Joan?
I need my car.
-Yeah, where's Joan?
-Seriously?
Confetti bomb.
(horn honking)
We're full.
PHIL:
Everything's fine.
I've rehired Joan.
(car doors close)
We don't need her.
Who drives the car
with the silver keys?
Phil, am I doing
this or not?
Joan, the lot
is yours.
(sighs)
All right. Wendy,
let's get you in that minivan
and home to your
diabetic cat.
You cannot unilaterally
rehire her, Phil.
You mean like how you fired her
without talking to me?
If we disagree
about something,
we're supposed
to flip over it.
Maybe we should flip
over whether we should
even be partners.
Maybe we should
do it right now.
Great.
If it comes up Phil,
we keep going.
If it comes up Jay,
we end it.
What are you two
fools doing?
This isn't
working out.
And it's not gonna
until you start treating
this man like your equal.
You think you're
some big-shot boss
and you can just
push him around.
Thank you,
Joan.
Zip it!
You let him do it.
Mm?
Do yourself
a favor --
learn something from Jay,
like how to be tough.
You guys don't need
a stupid coin.
You need each other.
Now...say
something nice.
Um...
I always -- I always have
admired your toughness.
All right.
Your turn.
I always thought
you were...
...happy.
See? Ha!
Ahh!
(chuckles)
And that is
how you do that.
Oh. Hey.
there you are.
Listen,
it was wrong of me to say
something weird was going on
between you and Pameron.
I don't know what
I was thinking.
Clearly, you guys have
a perfectly normal
sister- and
gay-brother-in-law
relationship.
You saw it on the baby
monitor, didn't you?
It was even creepier
in night vision.
I don't know
what happened.
Y-You both have
the same lips and --
and you kiss
the same and --
We did learn to kiss
on the same hedge post.
Ew.
(door opens)
(door closes)
Mitchell, could I speak to you
in private, please?
Why? Do you want to do
some more neckin'?
(whispers) Stop it.
You were
bragging on it?
He saw it on
the baby monitor.
And you were watching,
you horny toad?
Pam,
let's calm down.
You're kind of
embarrassing yourself.
I know!
(crying)
I'm such a mess!
I'm just so tired!
Plus, I fell asleep
to the scene of the
queen's horses doing it!
Hello?
Spoiler alert.
It's just...
I'm sorry if I've been
such a burden.
No, you're
not a burden.
No, no, you're
No, come on,
listen --
the truth is,
I've kind of enjoyed
being super-daddy
to a baby,
you know, 'cause I've
never had that.
Oh, what are you talking about?
You were great with Lily.
No, you were great
with Lily.
In the beginning,
I...I was a mess,
so I let
you take the lead.
I don't know,
m-maybe I'm just
trying to prove
something to myself.
Oh, sweetie,
I had no idea.
But you don't have
anything to prove
because you're
a great dad.
Well, uh...
You both are...
but I'm a disaster.
No, white couch.
Let's get you up.
I don't think I can do
all this by myself.
Well, you know what,
the good news is,
is you don't have to do any
of this all by yourself...
No.
...because you have a family
right down here who loves you
and will do anything we need
to do to help you.
Yeah.
(Calhoun crying)
Good. That means
the world to me.
And besides...
I know that cry,
and somebody else
is changing that diaper.
Not it.
Ugh.
So, women can't win.
They're penalized
if they work
and they're penalized
if they stay home.
Exactly!
You know, Luke,
when I woke up this morning
and came
to the rally...
I never thought I would
meet somebody like you.
YOUNG WOMAN: You're up.
It's my turn.
I can't believe
she's falling for this.
I've believed in this cause
my whole life.
You spend an afternoon
faking it
and she kisses you
almost on the lips.
I'm not faking
anything.
She got through
to me.
(megaphone feedback)
Women and girls and
the men who honor us...
It's a crime what
women in this country
have to go through,
and I'm with her
100%.
We will never accomplish
anything without sacrifice.
Damn straight!
I'm sorry. I didn't mean
for it to happen, but...
Danielle and I
made a connection
and I'm sticking with her
as long as it takes.
That's why, until women
have true equality,
I will remain
celibate.
Let's get out
of here.
(cheers and applause)
Now that the jack
is lowered
and all the lug nuts
are snug,
you just got to
tighten everything
in a cross pattern.
Oh.
Why don't you
each do one?
If it's okay, I'd
rather not get
grease all over me.
Hey, you can't
change the world
without getting
your hands dirty.
Whoa.
Okay.
Give me that.
(grunts)
(laughing)
You're right.
This is great.
It feels like I can do
anything. (laughs)
You're loosening it.
Oh.
Oh, sorry.
Thank you,
Joey.
You did that
so fast.
Well, cars are
in my blood.
You know, my grandmother
ran her own garage.
That's
so awesome.
There must have been
a lot of prejudice back then.
There was...
but eventually,
she started fixing
Irish people's cars.
CLAIRE: Huh.
Well, uh, Lily, why don't
you finish it off?
I'm not
strong enough.
Well, then
let me help you.
We're stronger
together.
Whoa.
Wow. We are
stronger together.
Oh, I'm sorry
I put you down before.
You are a formidable
woman, Gloria.
You deserve
respect.
No, Claire, you are the one
that deserves respect.
You have raised three
wonderful children,
you run a company,
you don't waste time
on silly things like...
the way your
hair looks.
You just get
things done.
And that is it.
You guys are all set.
(tool clatters lightly)
Thank you so much. Is
there any way we could
pay you for your time?
No, no,
absolutely not.
I'm happy to help.
But let me just reset
your tire-pressure monitor
so that thing doesn't
beep at you all day.
Yes, please.
Go right ahead.
ALEX:
See that, Lily?
We didn't need a man to
help us get out of this.
(vehicle door closes)
This is what happens
when women help other women.
(engine starts, revs)
Oh!
(tires screeching)
She's probably
just making sure
it works, right?
So that bitch
stole my car.
On a positive note,
it is nice to see a woman
break into a previously
male-dominated field.
My makeup
was not insured.
It's the
perfect solution.
Can't we just
make a decision?
LUKE:
What's going on?
Oh.
Your father and I
have been arguing
about something
for over an hour.
Fortunately, I made
a special coin
with my face
on one side
and your mom's
on the other.
Ugh,
Susan B. Unflattering.
Okay,
here we go.
It came up
Claire.
Yep! Getting
cremated!
Damn it!
Okay, here's
another one --
my head, we use our nest egg
for a beach condo.
-Mm-hmm.
-Yours...
the kids'
safety net.
Hey,
not cool.
Aw.
I'm so sorry,
you guys.
Aw, you can
come visit.
You know, if you can
afford it.
-- Captions by VITAC --